[FEATURE]  Implement Checkmo #2927 (#2969)
magento/pwa-studio: packages/extensions/venia-sample-payments-checkmo/README.md

# venia-sample-payments-checkmo

> This package provides as sample static payment method for Magento `Check, Money Order`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package provides a sample static `Check MO (Money Order)` payment method for Venia.
```

> Why is this only sample currently GraphQL dont expose

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> configuration for `payment/checkmo/payable_to and payment/checkmo/mailing_address` so we mock them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Note: Currently GraphQL configuration for `payment/checkmo/payable_to and payment/checkmo/mailing_address` is not implemented, so we mock them._
```

## Installation

> To install this pack, just add it as devDependency to `venia-concept` or your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install this extension, add it as a `devDependency` to your app.
```

project:

> `yarn workspace @magento/venia-concept add @magento/venia-sample-payments-checkmo -D`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`yarn add -D @magento/venia-sample-payments-checkmo`
```
